Add support for configuring Envoys route idle_timeout (#14340)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/proxies/envoy.mdx

  specified, inherits the Envoy default for route timeouts (15s). A value of 0 will
  disable request timeouts.

- `local_idle_timeout_ms` - In milliseconds, the stream timeout for HTTP requests
  to the local application instance. Applies to HTTP based protocols only. If not
  specified, inherits the Envoy default for route idle timeouts (300s). A value of 0 will

>   disable request timeouts.

Author: Updated. Thank you!

  specified, inherits the Envoy default for route timeouts (15s). A value of 0 will
  disable request timeouts.

> - `local_idle_timeout_ms` - In milliseconds, the stream timeout for HTTP requests
>   to the local application instance. Applies to HTTP based protocols only. If not
>   specified, inherits the Envoy default for route idle timeouts (300s). A value of 0 
>   disables request timeouts.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `local_idle_timeout_ms` - In milliseconds, the idle timeout for HTTP requests
  to the local application instance. Applies to HTTP based protocols only. If not
  specified, inherits the Envoy default for route idle timeouts (15s). A value of 0 
  disables request timeouts.

```

  - `exact_balance` - Inbound connections to the service use the
  [Envoy Exact Balance Strategy.](https://cloudnative.to/envoy/api-v3/config/listener/v3/listener.proto.html#config-listener-v3-listener-connectionbalanceconfig-exactbalance)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
